Recommendation Letters
======================

You need a recommendation letter from me? Here is a short guide for this
process.

- Am I the right person to provide this?

If we have heavy interaction, I am likely a good choice for this. Heavy
interaction means: (a) doing a thesis with me, (b) having spent some time with
my research group, (c) passing a few of my courses (preferably with good
scores).  However, if you do not have heavy interaction with me, chances is
that I have very limited information for constructing the letter. For instance,
if you were just in one of my courses, then I can only write about your
particular performance in the specific course (typically, this will not make a
strong letter).

- Will I give the letter to you directly?

No. The letter goes to the institution you have applied for (a graduate
program, a scholarship, etc.). In your application, just put my name and
contact details in the referee section. They will send me a notification to
submit your letter through their system, afterwards.

- Should I just put your name wherever I like?

No. Send me an e-mail first and ask me if I am willing to provide you a letter
for your upcoming application. Add some information from your application
(e.g., applying to a graduate program of University X). If you get a positive
answer from me, then you are free to use me as a referee in your application.

- How do I know the letter was sent?

Normally, once I got the confirmation that my letter went through, I will send
you a personal notification e-mail (I do this for my own accounting). Also, some
schools send a notification e-mail to the applicant, as soon as they receive
the letters.  To make sure, a few weeks before the application deadline *check*
with their system to see if the letters are in. If they are not, send me a
notification e-mail.

Good luck!
